To a father, when a child dies, the future dies to a child when a parent dies, the past dies.
Even if you are a minority of one, the truth is the truth.
Faith is the very first thing you should pack in a hope chest.
Nature is neutral.
It's been a pretty fun ride, to tell you the truth.
Learning never exhausts the mind.
Half a truth is better than no politics.
Defy your own group. Rebel against yourself.
Sorrow is so easy to express and yet so hard to tell.
God Almighty first planted a garden. And indeed, it is the purest of human pleasures.
There is something curiously boring about somebody else's happiness.
I was always reading those beauty magazines and wanting to become this unattainable thing.
However successful you are, there is no substitute for a close relationship. We all need them.
God grant you the strength to fight off the temptations of surrender.
People say, what is she thinking? I'm thinking: fun cash travel.
I'm always going to live in Texas. Texas is my home - it'll be my home forever.
Never order food in excess of your body weight.
One thing I have clear is that I don't want to work for money anymore.
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.
Love is what we were born with. Fear is what we learned here.
Disneyland is a work of love. We didn't go into Disneyland just with the idea of making money.
Music is what I breath, what I love to do. It keeps me alive.
We have a strange and wonderful relationship - he's strange and I'm wonderful.
Lawyers are the only persons in whom ignorance of the law is not punished.
There are a lot of grotesqueries in politics, not the least of which is the fund-raising side.
Persistent people begin their success where others end in failure.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
We have always said that in our war with the Arabs we had a secret weapon - no alternative.
There's no ex out there who I'm not friends with today, and I'm extremely thankful for that.
Coming home to my family afterward makes the work richer, easier and more fun.
Change is vital, improvement the logical form of change.
Architecture theory is very interesting.
It was an amazing performer. Very temperamental, it spent a lot of time in its trailer.
A large income is the best recipe for happiness I ever heard of.
All tools have intrinsic politics and technology is the tool of now.
Great things are done when men and mountains meet.
I am not yet born O fill me with strength against those who would freeze my humanity.
I can't stay away from Chinese food. I really love that stuff.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
More students have a better knowledge of pop culture than of the Constitution.
I think we're living in a world where society is very difficult.
Where there is great love, there are always wishes.
We need new partnerships for peace and security.
Courage is just fear, plus prayers, plus understanding.
Where knowledge ends, religion begins.
In our home there was always prayer - aloud, proud and unapologetic.
I don't want to be the one to break it to you, but the future ain't that funny.
A man who lives right, and is right, has more power in his silence than another has by his words.
If you think it's hard to meet new people, try picking up the wrong golf ball.
Very little is needed to make a happy life it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
People who shop in health food stores never look healthy.
The greatest of follies is to sacrifice health for any other kind of happiness.
For children preserve the fame of a man after his death.
Architecture is invention.
It's lovely to have money to give away - that's the bonus of winning the Nobel.
I never saw film stars at home. We had no maid, no cook, no swimming pool.
You don't have to love them. You just have to respect their rights.
People must help one another it is nature's law.
Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises.
Style is a reflection of your attitude and your personality.
If the truth contradicts deeply held beliefs, that is too bad.
Science is what we understand well enough to explain to a computer. Art is everything else we do.
I realized my family was funny, because nobody ever wanted to leave our house.
There are still many causes worth sacrificing for, so much history yet to be made.
It's amazing, it doesn't feel like it has been 10 years since retirement.
I am sure that I have been much more useful to society as a medical physicist.
The very exercise of leadership fosters capacity for it.
Plant thy foot firmly in the prints which His foot has made before thee.
Marriage is not about age it's about finding the right person.
Boredom is the feeling that everything is a waste of time serenity, that nothing is.
When you become famous, being famous becomes your profession.
The purpose of Compulsory Education is to deprive the common people of their commonsense.
The natural flights of the human mind are not from pleasure to pleasure, but from hope to hope.
Like all young men I set out to be a genius, but mercifully laughter intervened.
Architecture is the learned game, correct and magnificent, of forms assembled in the light.
Not failure, but low aim, is crime.
I want to be in 'Glee,' but I'm told I'm not famous enough to be a cameo yet.
The man who is swimming against the stream knows the strength of it.
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.
I realized women and humor were linked very closely.
I am still learning every day not to watch other people's careers and compare.
All I wanted was to be a university teacher.
Religion. A daughter of Hope and Fear, explaining to Ignorance the nature of the Unknowable.
I sing in the car if I'm in LA, because you're like soundproofed.
I think success has no rules, but you can learn a great deal from failure.
America's veterans deserve the very best health care because they've earned it.
Life becomes harder for us when we live for others, but it also becomes richer and happier.
There is perhaps nothing so bad and so dangerous in life as fear.
The power that is supported by force alone will have cause often to tremble.
When you analyze happiness, it turns out that the way you spend your time is extremely important.
The proletarian woman fights hand in hand with the man of her class against capitalist society.
I only want to make music because I have a passion for it.
If you're out, and starving, and need a bite to eat, then you need fast food.
We all of us deserve happiness or none of us does.
Football is an incredible game. Sometimes it's so incredible, it's unbelievable.
Cat: a pygmy lion who loves mice, hates dogs, and patronizes human beings.
I won't undertake war until I have tried all the arts and means of peace.
Swimming is one of the hardest sports.
A negative judgment gives you more satisfaction than praise, provided it smacks of jealousy.
Great men are seldom over-scrupulous in the arrangement of their attire.
Nothing prevents happiness like the memory of happiness.
I have my own production company called Urban Dreams.
I'm obsessed with radio. It's a good start to Sunday morning.
I have a little kitchen office at home, where I do all my kids' stuff.
My ideal travel companions are my surfboard, wetsuit, and guitar.
The true poet for me is a priest. As soon as he dons the cassock, he must leave his family.
I love you - I am at rest with you - I have come home.
Courage is very important. Like a muscle, it is strengthened by use.
What is an adult? A child blown up by age.
We would not have our politics distracted and embittered by the dissensions of other lands.
My experience is that's rare - that you have a script that is... what they call 'film-ready.'
Courage - a perfect sensibility of the measure of danger, and a mental willingness to endure it.
I'm not afraid of computers taking over the world.
As I mentioned previously, the tools that allow for optimum health are diet and exercise.
Proverbs are short sentences drawn from long experience.
My dad had a movie theater so I was there every night.
Love is an endless mystery, for it has nothing else to explain it.
Life is not an exact science, it is an art.
The whole order of nature evinces a progressive march towards a higher life.
Failure is impossible.
A good conscience is a continual Christmas.
It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up.
When the audience leaves, I'd like them to feel positive when they go.
I'm sort of like a lame, single guy in a red sports car.
It is not a disgrace to fail. Failing is one of the greatest arts in the world.
If I be worthy, I live for my God to teach the heathen, even though they may despise me.
A conqueror is always a lover of peace.
Patriotism is the religion of hell.
Travel aesthetics should be just as comfortable and practical as they are fashionable.
Love is anterior to life, posterior to death, initial of creation, and the exponent of breath.
Being a part of SKECHERS is exciting. It is such a hip company with a great attitude and image.
Something else has happened with computers.
I became a mom at 37 and having a child has been an emancipation for me.
A woman uses her intelligence to find reasons to support her intuition.
My age and health will never allow me to realize the dream of art I've been pursuing all my life.
I guess I was a mom so late in life, my daughter was the greatest thing since sliced bread.
Belief creates the actual fact.
Who among us has the strength to oppose petty egoism, those petty good feelings, pity and remorse?
Anxiety does not empty tomorrow of its sorrows, but only empties today of its strength.
Being a kid and growing up is such a cool part of life.
Change is inevitable. Change for the better is a full-time job.
To be successful, a woman has to be much better at her job than a man.
In matters of conscience, first thoughts are best. In matters of prudence, last thoughts are best.
The first requisite for the happiness of the people is the abolition of religion.
External nature is only internal nature writ large.
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.
It is in our lives and not our words that our religion must be read.
The greatest happiness of the greatest number is the foundation of morals and legislation.
Humor is merely tragedy standing on its head with its pants torn.
The distinctions of fine art bore me to death.
The beauty of women was the first expression of my photography.
We are the meeting place, an entity that's trying to connect faith and culture.
I want to be a cool mom.
The best augury of a man's success in his profession is that he thinks it the finest in the world.
I like making movies for myself and my friends and people with my sensibility.
You must spend money to make money.
To be afraid is to behave as if the truth were not true.
Politics is the art of preventing people from busying themselves with what is their own business.
Writers obviously have to bear witness to the harsh face of the age.
God cannot alter the past, though historians can.
My father was the guy on the block who said hi to everyone.
I come from a family where gravy is considered a beverage.
My interesting diet tips are eat early and don't nosh between meals. I mean, I can pack it away.
In fact, the confidence of the people is worth more than money.
Happiness is brief. It will not stay. God batters at its sails.
Man lives by imagination.
Education is a better safeguard of liberty than a standing army.
Everyone wants a hand in the outcome, a piece of the knowledge.
Yeah, to me, acting is very therapeutic. I get out a lot of anger and frustration.
And now, this is the sweetest and most glorious day that ever my eyes did see.
The only person who is educated is the one who has learned how to learn and change.
To get down to the quick of it, respect motivates me - not success.
Our envy always lasts longer than the happiness of those we envy.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future it is something you design for the present.
Faith is a higher faculty than reason.
Two great European narcotics, alcohol and Christianity.
There's a lot of blood, sweat, and guts between dreams and success.
Every artistic expression is either influenced by or adds something to politics.
I cannot sing, dance or act what else would I be but a talk show host.
All the beauty of the world, 'tis but skin deep.
No woman should ever be quite accurate about her age. It looks so calculating.
One must judge men not by their opinions, but by what their opinions have made of them.
The most wonderful discovery made by scientists is science itself.
History has not dealt kindly with the aftermath of protracted periods of low risk premiums.
Music is love, love is music, music is life, and I love my life. Thank you and good night.
It's funny the way most people love the dead. Once you are dead, you are made for life.
Let's create a legal system that can work.
I'm death obsessed. You know, I have death all over my house. I have a stuffed two headed sheep!
There can only be democracy when money is not allowed to be spent in Politics.
You know, there were major problems in my marriage.
That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well.
Failure is simply a few errors in judgment, repeated every day.
Jealousy is a dog's bark which attracts thieves.
Jealousy is cruel as the grave: the coals thereof are coals of fire.
Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness.
I'm a Gemini, so I change my mind every day.
Failure and its accompanying misery is for the artist his most vital source of creative energy.
But friendship is the breathing rose, with sweets in every fold.
I'm so positive.
No country can act wisely simultaneously in every part of the globe at every moment of time.
The person attempting to travel two roads at once will get nowhere.
Everything in our society is so purposeful.
In health there is freedom. Health is the first of all liberties.
Things do not change we change.
Bands from Akron have a sense of humor and don't tend to take themselves too seriously.
I'm sick of giving creeps money off my soul.
A woman's beauty is one of her great missions.
Panic is a sudden desertion of us, and a going over to the enemy of our imagination.
We know but a few men, a great many coats and breeches.
Have the courage to act instead of react.
Nearly everyone I met, worked with, or read about was my teacher, one way or another.
High-quality food is better for your health.
Put your blog out into the world and hope that your talent will speak for itself.
The structure of a play is always the story of how the birds came home to roost.
My diet is always terrible, unfortunately. I don't know moderation.
Courage, not compromise, brings the smile of God's approval.
I was 3 when I told my mom that I knew what my dharma was and that I wanted to be an actor.
Success is falling nine times and getting up ten.
The Bee Gees who are brilliant, I just love great music.
I hate vacations. If you can build buildings, why sit on the beach?
Mike Patton is a genius... It is definitely the hardest music I've ever played.
For greed all nature is too little.
A veteran journalist has never had time to think twice before he writes.
My mom won't let me buy high-fashion stuff unless it's TK Maxx or a birthday occasion.
Show respect to all people, but grovel to none.
A car for every purse and purpose.
If history were taught in the form of stories, it would never be forgotten.
We should favor innovation and freedom over regulation.
How do poems grow? They grow out of your life.
Ideologies separate us. Dreams and anguish bring us together.
I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.
Without a family, man, alone in the world, trembles with the cold.
The American dream seems to be thriving in Europe not at home.
The future, like everything else, is not what it used to be.
All those who are around me are the bridge to my success, so they are all important.
The way to have power is to take it.
I'm exhausted trying to stay healthy.
You have succeeded in life when all you really want is only what you really need.
Music is music, ultimately. If it makes you feel good, cool.
My weight fluctuates depending on my mood and my current devotion to my fitness routine.
Winning is overrated. The only time it is really important is in surgery and war.
In England, literary pretence is more universal than elsewhere from our method of education.
Skiing combines outdoor fun with knocking down trees with your face.
If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
Be brave. Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience.
Synergy and serendipity often play a big part in medical and scientific advances.
What a man knows is everywhere at war with what he wants.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
No matter what time it is, wake me, even if it's in the middle of a Cabinet meeting.
I hold that religion and faith are two different things.
It's kinda cool seeing people having real fights with people they really know.
I don't have anything against my mom, but my family has no emotional connection to each other.
I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by.
Brian and I were both science students. You know science sort of math and physics side, you know.
What's done to children, they will do to society.
I have nothing but respect for HBO.
Art is the proper task of life.
Know then this truth, enough for man to know virtue alone is happiness below.
Strength alone knows conflict, weakness is born vanquished.
I don't know why you call it morning sickness, because I was sick all day and night!
I've always had an interest in sports across the board.
Many things difficult to design prove easy to performance.
I have actually five honorary degrees.
Human misery is too great for men to do without faith.
Basically my wife was immature. I'd be at home in the bath and she'd come in and sink my boats.
I have a very close relationship with my mom, and I'm able to talk to her about anything.
I love classical music and often listen to symphonies or opera in the morning.
Peace is the one condition of survival in this nuclear age.
There are all kinds of things you can do to marry literacy with health.
Religion has done love a great service by making it a sin.
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet.
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
TV is chewing gum for the eyes.
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.
Try to keep your soul young and quivering right up to old age.
It won't take 40 years for opposition to same-sex marriage to dissipate.
I would rather start a family than finish one.
I think that the Cold War was an exceptional and unnecessary piece of cruelty.
Time is the scarcest resource and unless it is managed nothing else can be managed.
I'd definitely rather be rich than famous.
If the white man wants to live in peace with the Indian he can live in peace.
Shoot a few scenes out of focus. I want to win the foreign film award.
I am learning to forgive my inner geek, and even value him as a free man.
You must pass your days in song. Let your whole life be a song.
I want my music to do the explaining.
Books and marriage go ill together.
Photography is more than a medium for factual communication of ideas. It is a creative art.
Courage is the ladder on which all the other virtues mount.
For after my marriage I had made various attempts to write fiction. They were clearly failures.
In true dialogue, both sides are willing to change.
He alone is free who lives with free consent under the entire guidance of reason.
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.
I'm so happy to be in a committed relationship.
For once I want to have a relationship outside the public eye.
The art of life is to know how to enjoy a little and to endure very much.
I like humor.
I don't feel restless, I just like to travel.
Well, you know, the definition of second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience.
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.
At school I was very shy. I wasn't funny really.
I quit college. I was studying architecture for about a year.
I was always a junk food person, still am.
I think superheroes are heroes with flaws, and in their flaws, there is a sense of humor.
I've been really excited about some new cutting edge electronic music and technology.
Business is in itself a power.
A friend doesn't go on a diet because you are fat.
My mom is very Southern and she in real life says things like, 'If you've got it, flaunt it.'
If you would know strength and patience, welcome the company of trees.
Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know.
Beauty is grace and confidence. I've learned to accept and appreciate what nature gave me.
Dreams come true without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them.
To forgive is to set a prisoner free and discover that the prisoner was you.
Luck is the residue of design.
Music is my life, it is a reflection of what I go through.
Sometimes movie-making happens like clockwork other times, like a car accident.
As knowledge increases, wonder deepens.
Poetry is a form of mathematics, a highly rigorous relationship with words.
I will not be discouraged by failure I will not be elated by success.
Fear is the foundation of most governments.
Among the many values in life, I appreciate freedom most.
Bear and endure: This sorrow will one day prove to be for your good.
A government that robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul.
I ask you to pray for me, for once age has overtaken us, we find consolation only in religion.
Never stay in a bad marriage, and don't hang around with psycho coke fiends.
Only our individual faith in freedom can keep us free.
To me, marriage is partly a religious thing and I'm not religious.
The beauty about the D-list is that people who are on it probably don't know they are.
Reason is a crutch for age, but youth is strong enough to walk alone.
Old age is no place for sissies.
The world is the great gymnasium where we come to make ourselves strong.
I don't trust anybody in my life except my mother and my dogs.
Culture makes all men gentle.
Globalization was a deep trend pushed by technology and right ideas, as much as anything else.
The first resistance to social change is to say it's not necessary.
If, then, faith widens the connections, it elevates the man.
I'm glad I was a teacher.
Politics is the womb in which war develops.
In the morning on Sunday, a drum is sounded at about 8 o'clock.
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
I love HGTV. I love the Food Network.
I hope for nothing. I fear nothing. I am free.
It was cool to do someone else's movie. It was a lot of fun.
I don't think the Middle East could afford another war.
Whoever neglects the arts when he is young has lost the past and is dead to the future.
There have been many great men that have flattered the people who ne'er loved them.
No good is ever done to society by the pictorial representation of its diseases.
Bad officials are the ones elected by good citizens who do not vote.
In my afternoon walk I would fain forget all my morning occupations and my obligations to society.
For fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
It is what we know already that often prevents us from learning.
When you practice gratefulness, there is a sense of respect toward others.
Faith makes all things possible... love makes all things easy.
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
If you see the magic in a fairy tale, you can face the future.
Success should always be just beyond your grasp.
Be ignorance thy choice, where knowledge leads to woe.
Success is where preparation and opportunity meet.
Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a function.
My father is an amazing man.
Fools act on imagination without knowledge, pedants act on knowledge without imagination.
Government shouldn't tell you whom to marry.
It is piracy, not overt online music stores, which is our main competitor.
New Orleans in an amazing town.
I don't want a huge wedding. I don't want it to be some huge spectacle.
Middle age is when a guy keeps turning off lights for economical rather than romantic reasons.
It's inspirational to see someone who is dying smile.
It is sometimes very hard to tell the difference between history and the smell of skunk.
Art is a lie that makes us realize truth.
What is called good society is usually nothing but a mosaic of polished caricatures.
Trust and belief are two prime considerations. You must not allow yourself to be opinionated.
I don't think I can answer questions about the trust fund.
People change over the years, and that changes situations for good and for bad.
Wisdom alone is the science of other sciences.
The wisest use of American strength is to advance freedom.
We are afraid to care too much, for fear that the other person does not care at all.
I can pretty much live without fast food. I haven't eaten McDonald's in so long, but it's okay.
I read the book of Job last night, I don't think God comes out well in it.
It is possible to fly without motors, but not without knowledge and skill.
Never underestimate people. They do desire the cut of truth.
I love sports, as all Bostonians seem to. I love books and movies, as all writers seem to.
God is a thought who makes crooked all that is straight.
I am not a sad clown. I am not a sad clown.
The trouble with a kitten is that eventually it becomes a cat.
I will admit to hoarding beauty products. I'm a beauty lady.
You become a better writer by writing. You become a better travel writer by writing about travel.
If you're doing your best, you won't have any time to worry about failure.
I had only two offers of marriage in my life, and I refused both.
Scientific prayer makes God a celestial lab rat, leading to bad science and worse religion.
Death will be a great relief. No more interviews.
I'm always looking for cool stuff to do because that's what we're supposed to do, ya know?
One must know combinations, one must have a true knowledge of food to be in the moment.
Our nature consists in motion complete rest is death.
My only fear is the unknown.
You actually don't want people thinking your product is cool, because then you're a fad.
Study history, study history. In history lies all the secrets of statecraft.
All experience is an arch, to build upon.
A man's home may seem to be his castle on the outside inside is more often his nursery.
90 percent of my time is spent on 10 percent of the world.
The value of marriage is not that adults produce children but that children produce adults.
If you treat people right they will treat you right... ninety percent of the time.
My love of fine art increased - the more of it I saw, the more of it I wanted to see.
Some people are so afraid do die that they never begin to live.
Music is the doorway that has led me to drawing, photography, and writing.
The only risk of failure is promotion.
Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours.
I probably grow half my food. It's a good way to keep perspective.
I have bad reflexes. I was once run over by a car being pushed by two guys.
Forgiveness says you are given another chance to make a new beginning.
Don't underestimate questions from the crowd technology has made voters more informed than ever.
I'm not a religious person. My mom was of Jewish blood and my dad was Protestant.
A single twig breaks, but the bundle of twigs is strong.
Faith gives you an inner strength and a sense of balance and perspective in life.
I think travel is probably the downside of playing professional golf, but you've got to do it.
To have done anything just for money is to have been truly idle.
I hope to bring people to God with my songs.
Trifles make perfection, and perfection is no trifle.
The steady discipline of intimate friendship with Jesus results in men becoming like Him.
Money and success don't change people they merely amplify what is already there.
Failure seldom stops you. What stops you is the fear of failure.
When good Americans die they go to Paris.
Arguments are extremely vulgar, for everyone in good society holds exactly the same opinion.
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.
There are certain persons for whom pure Truth is a poison.
A man's friendships are one of the best measures of his worth.
When people recognise me they just kind of go 'Hi how are you,' really kind of cool you know.
The art of government is the organisation of idolatry.
Courage consists not in blindly overlooking danger, but in seeing it, and conquering it.
Adversity makes men, and prosperity makes monsters.
What is love? It is the morning and the evening star.
Government is essentially immoral.
Music is the melody whose text is the world.
No one ever thought Clint Eastwood was funny, but he was.
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
If we lose love and self respect for each other, this is how we finally die.
The world is divided into men who have wit and no religion and men who have religion and no wit.
In the past, I had my idols but today I enjoy learning from all the soccer I watch.
Peace is a fragile thing. It takes courage to secure it. It takes wisdom to maintain it.
If you have autism in the family history, you still vaccinate. Delay it a bit, space them out.
Truth is I don't think God on a daily basis. I think politics, science.
Love is suffering. One side always loves more.
Lord save us all from a hope tree that has lost the faculty of putting out blossoms.
Love is the delusion that one woman differs from another.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
'Tis always morning somewhere in the world.
Let us raise a standard to which the wise and honest can repair the rest is in the hands of God.
In between films I like to travel and hope to visit every continent before I become a mother.
Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society.
Think with your whole body.
You know what's funny to me? Attitude.
Education is our greatest opportunity to give an irrevocable gift to the next generation.
I love to be alone. I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude.
The mere imparting of information is not education.
Let us never negotiate out of fear. But let us never fear to negotiate.
As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand.
The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby.
Being cool, having a 'cool' energy is just not attractive to me.
Beauty itself is but the sensible image of the Infinite.
My life is every moment of my life. It is not a culmination of the past.
I'd say that animal rights and environmental issues have always been at the forefront of my mind.
There's been a long-standing relationship between me and individual members of the Green Party.
I've never read a screenplay in advance. You trust the artist.
Except for politics, no business is scrutinized more exhaustively than journalism.
Alcohol is a very patient drug. It will wait for the alcoholic to pick it up one more time.
I hope for nothing. I fear nothing. I am free.
You can never trust what you read.
When you're eight years old nothing is your business.
In politics people build whole reputations off of getting one thing right.
Success comes when people act together failure tends to happen alone.
But men are so full of greed today, they'll sell anything for a little piece of money.
How could man rejoice in victory and delight in the slaughter of men?
If we abandon marriage, we abandon the family.
I don't trust the Bee Gee's because there's no way they could always be happy.
English majors understand human nature better than economists do.
The hardest thing is that you can't trust people now. You just can't.
My goal is to be one with the music. I just dedicate my whole life to this art.
It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life.
My best birth control now is just to leave the lights on.
I decided that if I could paint that flower in a huge scale, you could not ignore its beauty.
Until we get equality in education, we won't have an equal society.
Success took me to her bosom like a maternal boa constrictor.
I just like movies that somehow expose the world in a way that's different than you imagine it.
I have a ridiculous fear of sharks but I'd jump in the water in a second for an amazing role.
When I get a new script my mom will read them and just be aghast. I think it's hysterical.
I grew up playing sports. There is a clear line between success and failure.
My dad taught me true words you have to use in every relationship. Yes, baby.
The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining.
This place? Nothing positive. OK, I want to say something positive. It's positively a dump.
Indigestion is charged by God with enforcing morality on the stomach.
Force and fraud are in war the two cardinal virtues.
I think a major element of jetlag is psychological. Nobody ever tells me what time it is at home.
I believe that people would be alive today if there were a death penalty.
We are the movies and the movies are us.
Know how to travel from your town to a nearby town without a car, either by bus or by rail.
You can only protect your liberties in this world by protecting the other man's freedom.
If I do three movies in a year, I don't feel like acting ever again.
Positive, adj.: Mistaken at the top of one's voice.
You can educate yourself right out of a relationship with God.
To help a friend in need is easy, but to give him your time is not always opportune.
In our home there was always prayer - aloud, proud and unapologetic.
When you ain't got no money, you gotta get an attitude.
One had to take some action against fear when once it laid hold of one.
When I wake up in the morning, I feel like a billionaire without paying taxes.
An artist cannot fail it is a success to be one.
I had a happy marriage and a nice wife. I accomplished everything you can. What more can you want?
I don't believe in failure. It is not failure if you enjoyed the process.
I have a strong emotional respect for Steve.
The great thing in the world is not so much where we stand, as in what direction we are moving.
Your belief in God is merely an escape from your monotonous, stupid and cruel life.
Death solves all problems - no man, no problem.
From my rotting body, flowers shall grow and I am in them and that is eternity.
Government's first duty and highest obligation is public safety.
I definitely wish to distinguish American poetry from British or other English language poetry.
Bad men are full of repentance.
To my mind the old masters are not art their value is in their scarcity.
Good artists copy, great artists steal.
Neither current events nor history show that the majority rule, or ever did rule.
There are a tremendous amount of environmental issues that are on the table.
The starting point of all achievement is desire.
I always wanted to ride a dragon myself, so I decided to do this for a year in my imagination.
I try and eat really healthy when I'm home, but I certainly don't eat worms and snakes.
In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher.
There is no desire more natural than the desire for knowledge.
To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded.
What's with you men? Would hair stop growing on your chest if you asked directions somewhere?
True nobility is exempt from fear.
All men have an instinct for conflict: at least, all healthy men.
I've always had bronchitis. I've been administered the Sacrament of Death three times for it.
I don't think about financial success as the measurement of my success.
Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work.
President Obama chose politics over leadership. 'Hope' and 'Change' have become bait-and-switch.
For life and death are one, even as the river and the sea are one.
The main facts in human life are five: birth, food, sleep, love and death.
The envious man grows lean at the success of his neighbor.
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
I just had my 30th birthday and we went turkey shooting. It's what I wanted to do, so we went.
Art is not what you see, but what you make others see.
I gave in, and admitted that God was God.
Longhorns are unique - each and every one of them is a different color with a different design.
The world is mud-luscious and puddle-wonderful.
Just because you have teenagers in a movie doesn't make it a teen movie.
Leadership is unlocking people's potential to become better.
Everything I am I owe to my faith and secondly to parents who were old school.
I want, of course, peace, grace, and beauty. How do you do that? You work for it.
Food, love, career, and mothers, the four major guilt groups.
True faith is belief in the reality of absolute values.
If you don't change, then what's the point of anything happening to you?
Never contract friendship with a man that is not better than thyself.
My death will be caused by morphine, which I have deliberately taken with suicidal intent.
To have the sense of creative activity is the great happiness and the great proof of being alive.
Think little goals and expect little achievements. Think big goals and win big success.
Our modern society - especially in the West, and especially now - reveres youth.
Elizabeth Taylor. In her heyday, she was amazing.
My dad played fiddle as well.
Happiness seems made to be shared.
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
Nothing tastes as good as skinny feels.
Men and women belong to different species and communications between them is still in its infancy.
The meaning of peace is the absence of opposition to socialism.
Duke Ellington was famous for hs very original harmonic patterns.
Old age is the verdict of life.
Where is the man who has the strength to be true, and to show himself as he is?
I'm not a lawyer, and maybe I should have used more specific legal language.
They always win who side with God.
What we hope ever to do with ease, we must learn first to do with diligence.
I've rarely seen video screens used well in a music concert.
For tis not in mere death that men die most.
By the work one knows the workman.
We need leadership, and we need it now.
I get such lovely gifts from fans... amazing pictures, handmade jewellery. I'm very lucky!
I'm at the age now where just putting my cigar in its holder is a thrill.
Old age is a tyrant, who forbids, under pain of death, the pleasures of youth.
The only point in making money is, you can tell some big shot where to go.
The American formula for creating business is not to have the government create business.
There are no dreams too large, no innovation unimaginable and no frontiers beyond our reach.
I believe in trusting men, not only once but twice - in giving a failure another chance.
When a match has equal partners then I fear not.
Most of us start out with a positive attitude and a plan to do our best.
Gardening is not a rational act.
I wanted to connect all people who are thinking about peace on Earth.
My mom moved up between Leland and Greenville when I was just a little tot.
I'm Bam Margera. And I feel like kicking my dad's butt all day today.
There is no such thing as a great talent without great will power.
I don't know. I think it's funny! I think it's funny! I go, what? It's so absurd. I'm alone.
Heartache is very fertile ground for song-making but so is happiness, so is absolute bliss.
Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know.
To describe happiness is to diminish it.
Marriage is too interesting an experiment to be tried only once.
What I cannot love, I overlook. Is that real friendship?
The downright fanatic is nearer to the heart of things than the cool and slippery disputant.
It's amazing, it doesn't feel like it has been 10 years since retirement.
Not to transmit an experience is to betray it.
The art of living well and the art of dying well are one.
If you find someone you love in your life, then hang on to that love.
Those who love to be feared fear to be loved.
The digital revolution is far more significant than the invention of writing or even of printing.
The rate of interest acts as a link between income-value and capital-value.
Marriage is like putting your hand into a bag of snakes in the hope of pulling out an eel.
Duty cannot exist without faith.
True science teaches, above all, to doubt and to be ignorant.
Secretary of State Colin Powell, thank you so much, as always, for joining us this morning.
In youth we learn in age we understand.
My mom drives me crazy sometimes, but I have a good relationship with her.
Never let your dreams go away.
The secret was to just be cool, stay in God's graces, and work it out.
I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts.
I always wanted to have my own album released before I graduated from high school.
In science the important thing is to modify and change one's ideas as science advances.
Our mission for younger people is to do our best to make exercise cool, hip - the thing to do.
It is well known that Beauty does not look with a good grace on the timid advances of Humour.
A great artist is always before his time or behind it.
For poetry there exists neither large countries nor small. Its domain is in the heart of all men.
Success is falling nine times and getting up ten.
Don't let the fear of striking out hold you back.
Politics is gut commercials are gut.
Man's greatness lies in his power of thought.
I've learned that every working mom is a superwoman.
The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and vinyl.
Failure has gone to his head.
There is no desire more natural than the desire for knowledge.
In politics, yesterday's lie is attacked only to flatter today's.
For many years I didn't have health insurance.
No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear.
You get to be famous or have some notoriety and there are so many people who want a piece of you.
A person's fears are lighter when the danger is at hand.
I enjoy writing but I much prefer the experience of having written.
With the evolution of technology, kids really need to be computer-savvy.
I'm learning a lot about myself being alone, and doing what I'm doing.
In my 50s I'll be dancing at my children's weddings.
Everything I buy is vintage and smells funny. Maybe that's why I don't have a boyfriend.
Without forgiveness, there's no future.
When you're playing a romantic version of a real person, you're playing a version of the truth.
True friendship is like sound health the value of it is seldom known until it is lost.
If you're asking your kids to exercise, then you better do it, too. Practice what you preach.
Sex: the thing that takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.
However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship.
I'm most comfortable in my birthday suit.
My formula for success is rise early, work late, and strike oil.
I would never have done what I'd done if I'd considered my father as somebody I wanted to please.
Children enjoy the present because they have neither a past nor a future.
I think that is what film and art and music do they can work as a map of sorts for your feelings.
What do I think of Western civilization? I think it would be a very good idea.
It is not death or pain that is to be dreaded, but the fear of pain or death.
I think anger and laughter are very close to each other, when you think about it.
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.
Everything has positive and negative consequences.
Learning is finding out what you already know.
The ultimate ground of faith and knowledge is confidence in God.
Success is the sum of small efforts - repeated day in and day out.
Most of the gaffes I've made have not been funny - they've been stupid.
It's insecurity that is always chasing you and standing in the way of your dreams.
It is very easy to love alone.
Marriage is the torment of one, the felicity of two, the strife and enmity of three.
We are twice armed if we fight with faith.
When you are happy you can forgive a great deal.
I don't trust anybody in my life except my mother and my dogs.
Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things.
Swimming is one of the hardest sports.
I'm a history nut.
I can't look in the mirror and look at fake things. I just can't. I'd rather age.
Success and failure are equally disastrous.
My dad wanted to name me after Rainier Maria Rilke, the poet.
It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life.
With love and patience, nothing is impossible.
All money is a matter of belief.
I am two with nature.
Parents need to teach their children principles of respect and acceptance.
Success is the space one occupies in the newspaper. Success is one day's insolence.
The world is divided into two categories: failures and unknowns.
The art and science of asking questions is the source of all knowledge.
Being famous is great, it's not like bad or horrible or anything.
I don't really care where movies come from as long as they're worth making.
The Sabbath is a weekly cathedral raised up in my dining room, in my family, in my heart.
How incessant and great are the ills with which a prolonged old age is replete.
I am against marriage, and I don't give a fig for society.
Beauty in distress is much the most affecting beauty.
Fear is the dark room where the Devil develops his negatives.
Music is universal too. Even deaf people like to dance, love rhythm, and can kind of pick it up.
I'm happy because I won't have to train again, or travel or sit in team hotels.
You can't separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom.
I'm opinionated. I always stick to my design plan. I don't waver.
In fact, it will be very easy to climb the building because of its shape and architecture.
When men yield up the privilege of thinking, the last shadow of liberty quits the horizon.
In politics a capable ruler must be guided by circumstances, conjectures and conjunctions.
Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious.
People make music to get a reaction. Music is communication.
One of the many pleasures of old age is giving things up.
I never eat in a restaurant that's over a hundred feet off the ground and won't stand still.
We will not learn how to live together in peace by killing each other's children.
So I try not to have any actual expectations for myself for any level of success or failure.
I believe in God, family, truth between people, the power of love.
I'll tell you, Quentin Tarantino really writes the most amazing dialogue.
It's weird, I never wish anything bad upon anybody, except two or three old girlfriends.
I almost forgot what it's like to be proud of my government.
The world is really figuring BSE out, and that's positive.
A weed is a plant that has mastered every survival skill except for learning how to grow in rows.
Music makes me high on stage, and that's the truth. It's like being almost addicted to music.
You're never fully dressed without a smile.
There can be no truce between science and religion.
All great peoples are conservative.
Knowledge slowly builds up what Ignorance in an hour pulls down.
I like making movies for myself and my friends and people with my sensibility.
A major advantage of age is learning to accept people without passing judgment.
I'm the fun dad, I am also the disciplinarian.
When we are out of sympathy with the young, then I think our work in this world is over.
Live your life and forget your age.
Study history, study history. In history lies all the secrets of statecraft.
I'm obsessed with radio. It's a good start to Sunday morning.
I am blessed to have Mom and Dad.
Marriage gives you a new respect for a person.
Love is the poetry of the senses.
Music fills the infinite between two souls.
I was really lucky. My gal pal was my mom.
The natural flights of the human mind are not from pleasure to pleasure, but from hope to hope.
People smile at me as if they know me. I just smile back. They probably might know me.
You have to look at history as an evolution of society.
Don't leave home without your sword - your intellect.
My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there.
At home we're the hosts, and I never liked the idea of being embarrased in front of our friends.
When I come to a design decision, people know that is that.
I have good looking kids. Thank goodness my wife cheats on me.
Nobody makes movies bad on purpose.
Being in an area of the planet where scientists believe mankind started is quite amazing.
I don't know if the average person really has faith in Washington anymore.
Robots have a rich and storied history in movies.
There is no meaning to life except the meaning man gives his life by the unfolding of his powers.
The man who rows the boat seldom has time to rock it.
Without deep reflection one knows from daily life that one exists for other people.
What makes photography a strange invention is that its primary raw materials are light and time.
God is an unutterable sigh, planted in the depths of the soul.
So many people suffer from abuse, and suffer alone.
When human judgment and big data intersect there are some funny things that happen.
Use plants to bring life.
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.
Life appears to me too short to be spent in nursing animosity, or registering wrongs.
I work with all these amazing voice actors that do a kajillion voices.
I hit a ball for a living, but I have that passion to keep learning.
Courtship is to marriage, as a very witty prologue to a very dull play.
Creativity is the ability to introduce order into the randomness of nature.
Car designers are just going to have to come up with an automobile that outlasts the payments.
I desire an special interest in your prayers that my faith fail not in the day of adversity.
Humor is the first of the gifts to perish in a foreign tongue.
To change what you get you must change who you are.
Wives are young men's mistresses, companions for middle age, and old men's nurses.
I now work for a finance company in Luxembourg with projects in South America and the Caribbean.
You can't make war in the Middle East without Egypt and you can't make peace without Syria.
Harmony makes small things grow, lack of it makes great things decay.
Leaders must encourage their organizations to dance to forms of music yet to be heard.
Theology is a science of mind applied to God.
Ecclesiasticism in science is only unfaithfulness to truth.
Architecture is a slow business, and city planning even slower.
It ain't often that a man's reputation outlasts his money.
Great grief does not of itself put an end to itself.
A man's respect for law and order exists in precise relationship to the size of his paycheck.
Man dies of cold, not of darkness.
For both faith and want of faith have destroyed men alike.
It is the duty of Her Majesty's government neither to flap nor to falter.
I'm aware if I'm playing at my best I'm tough to beat. And I enjoy that.
It is the addition of strangeness to beauty that constitutes the romantic character in art.
The fundamental purpose of government is to protect its citizens.
The worst times can be the best if you think with positive energy.
Time is generally the best doctor.
I support making sure that there are legal protects for everyone.
Anoint, v.: To grease a king or other great functionary already sufficiently slippery.
Music is the only language in which you cannot say a mean or sarcastic thing.
I've been doing a lot of learning from mistakes, first and foremost, and building off that.
If I can inspire someone to go in a positive way and pursue a dream, it can only be good.
Patience is the art of hoping.
Country music is about new love and it's about old love.
We are here to add what we can to life, not to get what we can from life.
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
To err is human. To blame someone else is politics.
Patton was living in the Dark Ages. Soldiers were peasants to him. I didn't like that attitude.
You wanna get the truth out of me, get me hammered.
A lot of good arguments are spoiled by some fool who knows what he is talking about.
Very little is needed to make a happy life it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
Today it is not big business that we have to fear. It is big government.
Do not let your ambitions become a sanctuary for your failures.
Death is caused by swallowing small amounts of saliva over a long period of time.
All men's miseries derive from not being able to sit in a quiet room alone.
Delete the negative accentuate the positive!
However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship.
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead.
I felt a tremendous sadness for men who can't deal with a woman of their own age.
There is no personal achievement in being born beautiful.
You shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you mad.
My favorite time of day is to get up and eat leftovers from dinner, especially spicy food.
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.
We are not just here to manage capitalism but to change society and to define its finer values.
Tomorrow morning before we depart, I intend to land and see what can be found in the neighborhood.
A good reputation is more valuable than money.
Muslims must believe that all power, success and victory comes from God alone.
Freedom is the open window through which pours the sunlight of the human spirit and human dignity.
I'm just very thankful. And I say that a lot because that's the most important message.
The waste basket is the writer's best friend.
Is art really the priesthood that demands the pure in heart who belong to it wholly?
In the night of death, hope sees a star, and listening love can hear the rustle of a wing.
The truth doesn't hurt unless it ought to.
Time is money.
Never a tear bedims the eye that time and patience will not dry.
I don't want to say never, but I hope I don't become that 'take me seriously now' guy.
I think there should be holy war against yoga classes.
You can't say civilization don't advance... in every war they kill you in a new way.
All the men in my family were bearded, and most of the women.
It's very strange writing science fiction in a world that moves as fast as ours does.
Who could refrain that had a heart to love and in that heart courage to make love known?
The Internet is a telephone system that's gotten uppity.
If the laws could speak for themselves, they would complain of the lawyers in the first place.
Education is a wonderful thing. If you couldn't sign your name you'd have to pay cash.
To secure peace is to prepare for war.
I already gave my best. I have no regrets at all.
No woman has to be a victim of physical abuse. Women have to feel like they are not alone.
Fashions have done more harm than revolutions.
Looking after my health today gives me a better hope for tomorrow.
The next morning we saw nothing of the enemy, though we were still lying to.
Life is either a great adventure or nothing.
I could easily exist on less money, but I like the way I live now.
The best prophet of the future is the past.
The trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.
I am in the Master of Professional Writing program teaching Humor Writing, Literary and Dramatic.
I have never known any distress that an hour's reading did not relieve.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
For Forms of Government let fools contest whatever is best administered is best.
When we have done our best, we should wait the result in peace.
I've always been interested in gadgets and technology and I've always been a reader.
I am not afraid of storms for I am learning how to sail my ship.
Film is an illusion. Fame is ephemeral. Faith and family are what endure.
We make our friends we make our enemies but God makes our next door neighbour.
I am so tired of fear. And I don't want my girls to live in a country, in a world, based on fear.
He has Van Gogh's ear for music.
The writing of a melody is an emotional moment success doesn't make it easy.
Truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it ain't goin' away.
Only in your imagination can you revise.
The poem is sad because it wants to be yours, and cannot be.
Just keep learning from the role and not just go for the money.
What a stupid attitude we have in this country to personal stories.
It's normally the kiss of death to be identified as a rising star, or someone to watch.
I haven't been given many things, but I've been given ample, limitless patience.
Politics is not about power.
Believe me, the drug of freedom is universally potent.
From the minute I wake up until I go to bed I think about food.
War is fear cloaked in courage.
Man lives by imagination.
Little minds have little worries, big minds have no time for worries.
My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me.
The natural effect of sorrow over the dead is to refine and elevate the mind.
Never complain and never explain.
I could write an entertaining novel about rejection slips, but I fear it would be overly long.
Translation is the art of failure.
A man who does not trust himself will never really trust anybody.
Depression opens the door to beauty of some kind.
I've had two terrific relationships, but both ended in marriage.
Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
People connect with me just as a cool, around-the-way type of guy.
Wrap parties can be really sad, actually, disorienting.
My grandchildren are fabulous and funny.
The better you know yourself, the better your relationship with the rest of the world.
You demand respect and you'll get it. First of all, you give respect.
Poverty must not be a bar to learning and learning must offer an escape from poverty.
Puritanism. The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.
People always make war when they say they love peace.
I think I'm in a business where you have to look good, and it's totally youth-oriented.
Imagination is not the exclusive appanage of artists, but belongs in varying degrees to all men.
I did not just fall in love. I made a parachute jump.
My dad believes in God, I think. I'm not sure if my mom does. I don't.
No nation can meet the world's challenges alone.
A healthful hunger for a great idea is the beauty and blessedness of life.
Freedom is never dear at any price. It is the breath of life. What would a man not pay for living?
Be of love a little more careful than of anything.
Music is the melody whose text is the world.
The people who work in intelligence work are more conscious, more apt to be attentive.
I'm learning English at the moment. I can say 'Big Ben', 'Hello Rodney', 'Tower Bridge' and 'Loo'.
If it is your time, love will track you down like a cruise missile.
I have to change a lot of things before I become a good marathon runner.
One man cannot practice many arts with success.
But I do like to have peace and quiet for a good hour.
My dad's half-Lebanese, my mom is full Lebanese. I'm three-quarters Lebanese. Irish-Lebanese.
When you start to develop your powers of empathy and imagination, the whole world opens up to you.
The old cathedrals are good, but the great blue dome that hangs over everything is better.
The truth is cruel, but it can be loved, and it makes free those who have loved it.
To solve the problem of organizing world peace we must establish world law and order.
Great work is done by people who are not afraid to be great.
How long was I in the army? Five foot eleven.
If I test the car for a year I can be quite competitive the next season.
Love is not consolation. It is light.
Is a faith without action a sincere faith?
I just can't seem to write songs about peace and love. Yeah right, how do you get that?
The historical orthodox Christian faith is extremely wide and diverse.
Men always want to be a woman's first love - women like to be a man's last romance.
I grew up in a house where nobody had to tell me to go to school every day and do my homework.
God made everything out of nothing, but the nothingness shows through.
In the depth of winter I finally learned that there was in me an invincible summer.
We need to stop spending money we don't have.
If man knew how women pass the time when they are alone, they'd never marry.
Change alone is unchanging.
The universe never did make sense I suspect it was built on government contract.
Every child comes with the message that God is not yet discouraged of man.
Sports without music is just a game. Music makes it entertaining.
To even be called the 'teen queen' is crazy.
Throughout the country, I see the same design problems and solutions over and over.
Even though I was theatrically trained, learning to develop a character was an awesome experience.
Working on the 'Ice Age' movies, I'm really proud to be in them.
Self-preservation, nature's first great law, all the creatures, except man, doth awe.
I think my dad is the only Arabic descendent who is an unsuccessful businessman.
You mustn't take what I say as gospel because no one can second-guess the future.
Ladies of Fashion starve their happiness to feed their vanity, and their love to feed their pride.
My path has not been determined. I shall have more experiences and pass many more milestones.
I had a lot of anger because I wasn't happy with the way I had been raised.
The tree of liberty needs to be watered from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.
Life is about learning when you stop learning, you die.
Beauty is worse than wine, it intoxicates both the holder and beholder.
I travel a lot to promote the perfumes and to do the commercials.
Slump, and the world slumps with you. Push, and you push alone.
The pursuit of truth will set you free even if you never catch up with it.
Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power.
Every life has a measure of sorrow, and sometimes this is what awakens us.
You know, I can be the happiest man in the world with minimal record success.
I have a pretty expanded view of what art is. I include pop music and even some sports.
Even the worst Bond movies, there's something to love about them.
Do not look down upon any Muslim, for even the most inferior believer is great in the eyes of God.
People go to car races to watch the crashes.
Doing charity work is always cool. It's always a good thing.
A great mind becomes a great fortune.
Being a mom has made me so tired. And so happy.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Our wisdom comes from our experience, and our experience comes from our foolishness.
Learning to trust is one of life's most difficult tasks.
A dress makes no sense unless it inspires men to take it off of you.
I like very much to do movies.
A morning-glory at my window satisfies me more than the metaphysics of books.
The fire in the belly is essential, otherwise you become Michael Buble - famous and meaningless.
A simple fact that is hard to learn is that the time to save money is when you have some.
God is not on the side of the big battalions, but on the side of those who shoot best.
Too much freedom can lead to the soul's decay.
Science never gives up searching for truth, since it never claims to have achieved it.
Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society.
My philosophy is: It's none of my business what people say of me and think of me.
I'm always in situations where you can't be funny, and yet I want to do it anyway.
Minds that are ill at ease are agitated by both hope and fear.
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death.
Religion and art spring from the same root and are close kin. Economics and art are strangers.
They that have lived a single day have lived an age.
Old age and the passage of time teach all things.
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.
All that I am I owe to Jesus Christ, revealed to me in His divine Book.
My mother asked me what I wanted for my birthday, so I said I wanted to read poetry with her.
The very ink with which history is written is merely fluid prejudice.
Hope is a necessity for normal life and the major weapon against the suicide impulse.
Success and failure are both part of life. Both are not permanent.
Everything in food is science. The only subjective part is when you eat it.
I came here to tell you the truth, the good, the bad and the ugly.
The natural effect of sorrow over the dead is to refine and elevate the mind.
Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.
My fault, my failure, is not in the passions I have, but in my lack of control of them.
Good leadership consists of showing average people how to do the work of superior people.
Health is the vital principle of bliss, and exercise, of health.
Live the life you've dreamed.
College is a place to keep warm between high school and an early marriage.
I regard sports first and foremost as entertainment, so dry documentary narration is not for me.
I have designed the most buildings of any living American architect.
A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you love yourself.
Happiness is not an ideal of reason, but of imagination.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
My mom's passionate and energetic and very funny and enthusiastic.
Men are wise in proportion, not to their experience, but to their capacity for experience.
I take my children everywhere, but they always find their way back home.
My siblings are my best friends.
The action is best that secures the greatest happiness for the greatest number.
I love seeing people having fun. Everyone over in L.A. is too cool for it. That's the problem.
There is much to be said for failure. It is much more interesting than success.
A husband is what is left of a lover, after the nerve has been extracted.
One had to take some action against fear when once it laid hold of one.
Is not liberty the destruction of all despotism - including, of course, legal despotism?
I believe some people in this business suffer from fame because they behave in a famous fashion.
Politics isn't about big money or power games it's about the improvement of people's lives.
I sit down at my desk pretty early in the morning and write all day until about 4 or 5 p.m.
I had a fear that I'd be typecast, but I don't really have that fear anymore.
He belonged to that army known as invincible in peace, invisible in war.
The best way to destroy the capitalist system is to debauch the currency.
Jesus teaches us to forgive and I've got to trust him on that one.
I don't really see myself as famous.
Southern California, they have been amazing. They're totally with us.
In love the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two.
Happiness is a very small desk and a very big wastebasket.
Education, like neurosis, begins at home.
Only in our dreams are we free. The rest of the time we need wages.
Morality is the basis of things and truth is the substance of all morality.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
I have a lot of skepticism about marriage and monogamy.
True happiness involves the full use of one's power and talents.
Use plants to bring life.
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
Baseball was, is and always will be to me the best game in the world.
One science only will one genius fit so vast is art, so narrow human wit.
I never saw myself as an individual who had any particular leadership powers.
Among politicians the esteem of religion is profitable the principles of it are troublesome.
The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you.
As governor, I saw the link between economic prosperity and the ability to acquire knowledge.
Humor is always based on a modicum of truth. Have you ever heard a joke about a father-in-law?
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.
I like funny guys and those, for some reason, tend to be nerdy guys.
My life was changed in one breath from God.
I'm hopeless with money I simply spend what I've got.
At some point in your life, if you're lucky, you get to design the way in which things evolve.
The struggle of man against power is the struggle of memory against forgetting.
No heirloom of humankind captures the past as do art and language.
In marriage, compromise nurtures the relationship.
There's no better feeling in the world than a warm pizza box on your lap.
I've never been more famous than I was, suddenly, in 1986.
So it was good for me to play a likable person and it was just an amazing situation to be in.
Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live.
Controversy is part of the nature of art and creativity.
Happiness is no laughing matter.
The circuit training program along with a healthy clean diet is the way to excellent results.
I'm odd looking. Sometimes I think I look like a funny muppet.
I forbid you, agnostic, doubting thoughts, to destroy the house of my faith.
Almost all of our sorrows spring out of our relations with other people.
I fought for peace in the fifties.
I can count on one hand how many people I trust.
We have always had gross humor. But we try for funny, not gross.
The duty of comedy is to correct men by amusing them.
My message is that God is a good God.
To dwell is to garden.
The beautiful seems right by force of beauty and the feeble wrong because of weakness.
A married woman has the same right to control her own body as does an unmarried woman.
Give a child love, laughter and peace, not AIDS.
It's morally wrong to allow a sucker to keep his money.
Everything, I think, about acting is based on imagination.
Experience is a revelation in the light of which we renounce our errors of youth for those of age.
Rising health care spending occurs because it is beneficial, not a burden on the economy.
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.
Peace is the happy natural state of man war is corruption and disgrace.
God in His wisdom has decided that He will reward no works but His own.
If there was less sympathy in the world, there would be less trouble in the world.
The purpose of all wars, is peace.
To love rightly is to love what is orderly and beautiful in an educated and disciplined way.
Dreams become reality when we put our minds to it.
Aggression is simply another name for government.
I was always at peace because of the way my mom treated me.
Great things are done when men and mountains meet.
A am a great friend of public amusements, they keep people from vice.
If there is something to pardon in everything, there is also something to condemn.
People everywhere love Windows.
Take the diplomacy out of war and the thing would fall flat in a week.
Men are like steel. When they lose their temper, they lose their worth.
I do readings at the public library. I just did a benefit scene night for my old acting teacher.
Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.
I don't walk around with fear. I walk around with strength. I believe in cause and effect.
Leadership requires the courage to make decisions that will benefit the next generation.
First of all, I try to be a positive role model.
This life is a process of learning.
Studies show that children best flourish when one mom and one dad are there to raise them.
I was on leave from local and regional politics, as long as I was a Minister.
Anybody who thinks money will make you happy, hasn't got money.
Art is not a pastime but a priesthood.
Amtrak offers riders a cost-effective way to travel throughout the country.
We virtually never feel our age, but thinking that we should can lead to disaster.
For a creative writer possession of the 'truth' is less important than emotional sincerity.
God screens us evermore from premature ideas.
Design my own line? No, I just like the culture.
I love tiny, plastic realistic food magnets. I don't know why. They're hilarious.
Old age is no place for sissies.
Secrecy is the freedom tyrants dream of.
Science is nothing but perception.
Some of your teachers are actually closer in age to you than you think.
By virtually any measure, the record of the Republican Majority is an appalling failure.
I think every good Christian ought to kick Falwell right in the ass.
There are no passengers on spaceship earth. We are all crew.
When you stop talking, you've lost your customer. When you turn your back, you've lost her.
The only think I like better than talking about Food is eating.
My siblings are my best friends.
As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand.
My whole life has been movies and religion. That's it. Nothing else.
I'm obsessed with radio. It's a good start to Sunday morning.
There is only one religion, though there are a hundred versions of it.
The test and the use of man's education is that he finds pleasure in the exercise of his mind.
I do not wish women to have power over men but over themselves.
Blues and soul and jazz music has so much pain, so much beauty of raw emotion and passion.
My mom is definitely my rock.
God's children and their happiness are my reasons for being.
Don't let life discourage you everyone who got where he is had to begin where he was.
A lot of people feel very good about Mitt Romney and I think he's going to do a great job.
Today knowledge has power. It controls access to opportunity and advancement.
Love, friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something.
Poetry is composing for the breath.
We need leadership, and we need it now.
The American attitude towards efficiency and execution should always underlie architecture.
A smile is a facelift that's in everyone's price range!
Change is such hard work.
The Internet is a powerful way to make lots of money... But we are not going to buy Yahoo!
I have never advocated war except as a means of peace.
If music be the food of love, play on.
I think when you move past your fear and you go after your dreams wholeheartedly, you become free.
I say to the Taliban: surrender the terrorists or surrender power. It's your choice.
Religion can never reform mankind because religion is slavery.
Painting is silent poetry, and poetry is painting that speaks.
Art is much less important than life, but what a poor life without it.
Comedy, we may say, is society protecting itself - with a smile.
To study the abnormal is the best way of understanding the normal.
We are no longer happy so soon as we wish to be happier.
There are 80 million moms in the United States. Forty million stay at home with their children.
In the midst of these hard times it is our good health and good sleep that are enjoyable.
Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.
Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.
Sports without music is just a game. Music makes it entertaining.
I was the hero of the young insurgent working class art movement.
I'm a strong person, I'm a strong family man, I'm a strong husband and a strong father.
One has to grow up with good talk in order to form the habit of it.
If I can't get the girl, at least give me more money.
I love to cook so much. I like to cook everything. I really like to eat my food.
This music won't do. There's not enough sarcasm in it.
A garden must combine the poetic and he mysterious with a feeling of serenity and joy.
My father wants me to be like my brother, but I can't be.
It is above all by the imagination that we achieve perception and compassion and hope.
It is a fact that around the world the elites of every country are making money.
Jason Lee is the most famous actor from Hawaii I can think of.
I'm not one of these guys who's constantly in a relationship, not at all.
What other people may find in poetry or art museums, I find in the flight of a good drive.
Happiness is not a reward - it is a consequence. Suffering is not a punishment - it is a result.
The American is wholeheartedly for love and romance at any cost.
God is an unutterable sigh, planted in the depths of the soul.
You need a whole community to raise a child. I have raised two children, alone.
Humor is the first of the gifts to perish in a foreign tongue.
One may know how to gain a victory, and know not how to use it.
Men are swayed more by fear than by reverence.
If God wanted us to bend over he'd put diamonds on the floor.
I've had cameos on some cool shows.
It is one of my sources of happiness never to desire a knowledge of other people's business.
Good humor is the health of the soul, sadness is its poison.
It is harder to conceal ignorance than to acquire knowledge.
There is a natural aristocracy among men. The grounds of this are virtue and talents.
This is the strangest life I've ever known.
Jealousy is love bed of burning snarl.
Tell us your phobias and we will tell you what you are afraid of.
A lot of parents never speak to their transgender kids again that's not the case in my family.
For after my marriage I had made various attempts to write fiction. They were clearly failures.
Fear controls you.
War is not the only arena where peace is done to death.
Bigotry tries to keep truth safe in its hand with a grip that kills it.
Let the people think they govern and they will be governed.
Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap-on-a-rope.
Peace is our gift to each other.
Music, the greatest good that mortals know and all of heaven we have hear below.
I actually build my dreams around the dancers I've got in my company.
The mob spirit has grown with the increasing intelligence of the Afro-American.
Nature makes only dumb animals. We owe the fools to society.
Family makes a house a home.
Perfection is immutable. But for things imperfect, change is the way to perfect them.
Land really is the best art.
Attention to health is life's greatest hindrance.
All great and beautiful work has come of first gazing without shrinking into the darkness.
That great dust-heap called 'history'.
With this CD technology, you can just remix a record right there on the spot.
To secure peace is to prepare for war.
A good teacher must know the rules a good pupil, the exceptions.
The statesman's duty is to bridge the gap between his nation's experience and his vision.
All human actions are equivalent and all are on principle doomed to failure.
Conquest is not in our principles. It is inconsistent with our government.
Raising children is an uncertain thing success is reached only after a life of battle and worry.